Add dbt Wizard MCP and subagents docs (#9290)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/wizard-overview.md

<Constant name="wizard" /> is data warehouse agnostic and works with both the [<Constant name="fusion_engine" />](/docs/fusion) and [<Constant name="core" />](/docs/local/install-dbt) &mdash; no specific engine is required.

The following table shows where <Constant name="wizard" /> is available, the AI keys each surface uses, and how usage is billed:

<SimpleTable>

| Where | Status | AI provider keys | Availability and cost |
|---|---|---|---|
| [<Constant name="dbt_platform" /> — <Constant name="studio_ide" />](/docs/dbt-ai/wizard-ide) | Public preview | Managed keys, or BYOK | Managed usage is included with [dbt AI](/docs/platform/billing#dbt-ai-usage-metering-and-limiting) by plan (not available on Developer). BYOK is available on Enterprise and Enterprise+. |
| [<Constant name="dbt_platform" /> — <Constant name="wizard" /> home tab](/docs/platform/wizard-home) | Public beta | Managed keys, or BYOK | Same as <Constant name="studio_ide" />. |
| [Terminal (CLI)](/docs/dbt-ai/wizard-cli) | Public beta | BYOK, or OpenAI subscription |You pay your AI provider directly. Works with or without a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account. |

</SimpleTable>

> For included action limits by plan and how managed usage is metered, refer to the [Billing](/docs/platform/billing) page. To bring your own key, refer to [supported providers](#supported-ai-providers) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For included action limits by plan and how managed usage is metered, refer to the [Billing](/docs/platform/billing) page. To bring your own key, refer to [supported providers](#supported-ai-providers) on this page.
```
